Blazor migration guidance 8.0 (#30671)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/components/integration.md

> This article explains Razor component integration scenarios for ASP.NET Core apps, including prerendering of Razor components on the server.

Reviewer: We have a [separate article now on prerendering](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/blazor/components/prerender). It seems like we should keep this article focused on component integration.

```suggestion
This article explains Razor component integration scenarios for ASP.NET Core apps.
```

> Razor components can be integrated into Razor Pages, MVC, and other types of ASP.NET Core apps with prerendering. Prerendering can improve [Search Engine Optimization (SEO)](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Glossary/SEO) by rendering content for the initial HTTP response that search engines can use to calculate page rank.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Razor components can be integrated into Razor Pages, MVC, and other types of ASP.NET Core apps. Razor components can also be integrated into any web app, including apps not based on ASP.NET Core, as [custom HTML elements](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/blazor/components/js-spa-frameworks#blazor-custom-elements).
```

Use the guidance in the following sections depending on the project's requirements:

* Blazor support can be [added to an ASP.NET Core app](#add-blazor-support-to-an-aspnet-core-app).
* For interactive components that aren't directly routable from user requests, see the [Use non-routable components in pages or views](#use-non-routable-components-in-pages-or-views) section. Follow this guidance when the app embeds components into existing pages and views with the [Component Tag Helper](xref:mvc/views/tag-helpers/builtin-th/component-tag-helper).
* For interactive components that are directly routable from user requests, see the [Use routable components](#use-routable-components) section. Follow this guidance when visitors should be able to make an HTTP request in their browser for a component with an [`@page`](xref:mvc/views/razor#page) directive.

> ## Add Blazor support to an ASP.NET Core app

Reviewer: I think we should break this into three parts that build on each other: 

1. Adding static server rendering of Blazor components
    - I don't think this part should use a donor project - just show the minimal API changes and additions required
2. Enabling interactive server rendering
    - Again, no donor project. Just minimal changes. 
3. Enabling interactive WebAssembly rendering or Auto
    - Here I think a donor project makes sense for setting up the client project.
